[Music]
you're locked in a building with a
notorious serial killer who captures his
victims
drugs them and hunts them down through
his labyrinth of gruesome traps
no one knows you're there and every room
in hallway could kill you without
warning
the collector is back and more sinister
than ever and i'm going to break down
the mistakes made
what you should do and how to beat every
trap in the collection
[Music]
three students are out for a wild night
at the private club and none of them
know that this entire building has been
designed to kill
everyone inside elena here discovers her
boyfriend cheating and after punching
him in the face
goes upstairs to get away from the noise
in her room she finds this giant box and
something
is inside she opens it up to find a man
fallout immediately pushing her out of
the way of a giant metal spear
aimed at strayed at her head okay we
probably should have checked the yelp
reviews before coming here
now personally as a claustrophobe i
wouldn't even be here in the first place
a club that has only one entrance
keeping you in with a giant steel door
and letting in way too many people
is a serious fire hazard there are too
many horror stories of clubs getting
burned down
because when drunk people play with fire
no one is safe
and even if they're not interested in
fire safety my general rule is don't
open the mystery box
it's never a good surprise but what
elena here doesn't realize is that she's
triggered an elaborate chain reaction
throughout the building as the entrance
locks shut
and only the cheating boyfriend notices
the blades of a combine harvester lower
from the ceiling and move towards the
dance floor
okay in this case geometry will save
your life this death trap has a circular
rotation and it's moving inside of a
room with right angles
basic geometry tells me there are two
safe places in this room the right
angles of
each wall a circle with such a large
diameter won't be able to close the gap
and you'd be able to lie flat against
the wall in safety now this brings us to
an awkward problem if we want to survive
we can't alert the others mad panic and
scrambling will guarantee everyone's
deaths because we can't quickly move
through the crowd or we'd get trampled
only a finite amount of people can
squeeze themselves into the corners and
if you want to be one of them mom's the
word
also most of these people have been here
longer than us and are therefore much
more drunk
unless some of them are legendary
drunken masters where your response time
improves the more you drink they're not
going to respond with enough clear
rational thinking to save themselves
anyway
get to the opposite wall and lie flat on
the ground then help those nearby but
only in that order
upstairs the man in the box begs the
girl to help him but she runs away
leaving behind her bracelet which he
turns into a lockpick
setting himself free of his shackles now
it's perfectly understandable to freak
out but running out the door is not
going to help because we could be
walking straight into another trap
if you've just been attacked by a hole
in the wall you have to assume there are
more and you can't expect to just run
downstairs and out the door
this man just saved your life and he's
shackled to the box
so we're safe enough to find out what he
knows before leaving him inside
she exits the room and watches and [ __ ]
as two people run into a tripwire
getting sliced by blades popping out of
the walls
downstairs is even more horrific a group
of clubbers have been trapped in a steel
cage that will slowly crush them to
death
okay if you are inside of this panic
would be completely taking over right
now but we can't lose our cool there's
still a chance to survive but this trap
can only be beaten by teamwork
the human body can exert surprising
amounts of force because isometric
contraction
is 40 stronger than concentric
contraction that means human muscles can
basically resist force greater than they
can apply it
now most of them are trying to resist
the cage but arm strength is not what we
should be relying on here there are at
least 15 people inside of the cage but
none of them
are communicating with each other i
would order everyone to lay on the floor
and collectively push up with their legs
against the lowering cage ceiling
we might be able to match or exceed the
force of the machine together until
someone on the outside can find the
gears and jam them
elena here watches her friend die but
suddenly comes face to face with the
masked man who's responsible for all
this the collector
she runs away confused and he follows
after her the injured man tears boards
away from the window and
turns around to see the collector
standing right behind the girl
he warns her but it's too late she's
grabbed from behind by the masked man
this guy takes his chance to escape by
grabbing a dying man and jumping out of
the window
using his body and this car to cushion
his fall
he breaks his arm but gets up and limps
away from the club and the collector
watches him leave he's not going to let
this one go
now i like the thinking here use what
you have even if what you have is a dead
guy's body but here's the thing
they're not very high up it's still a
dangerous jump but even a drop
of about 48 feet or four stories has
only a 50
chance of death and this body will not
really soften the blow it might even be
more dangerous because your arms are
being used to hold a body when they
should be protecting your head
the best thing to do is throw this dead
guy out the window to break the glass
then jump out alone onto the car with
your knees bent
the car will stop in the impact of the
fall and you'll be able to transition
the momentum
into a roll the common mistake made here
is to stop yourself from falling as
quickly and abruptly as possible and
that's just going to get you killed
meanwhile the injured man makes it all
the way to a hospital where he's
handcuffed by the police
later that night he's visited by this
man the bodyguard of that girl from the
club
he's assembled a team of mercenaries to
hunt on the serial killer and bring the
girl back to her father but they'll need
arkhan here to lead them to the killer's
hideout
because he's the only victim who's ever
been there and made it out alive okay
now this man arkhan is a thief by trade
so even if he's escaped the collector
he'll be risking death or prison every
time he goes to work
if it's me this might just be the best
catch grab ever she's obviously from a
very rich family so i tried negotiating
a huge ransom to help deliver the girl
it's not much worse than his regular job
and this time he's protected by a bunch
of soldiers
i take the job and make sure any one of
these mercenaries are walking into a
potential trap instead of me
elena wakes up trapped inside a box and
pokes a hole in the side of it
she peeks through and sees a man
strapped to a medical table being
tortured by the collector
he injects something into the man before
cutting out his tongue and wheeling him
out of the room now this is terrifying
but there's a sliver of hope here
this box is not nearly as strong as you
think it looks like a steamer trunk
which is typically made with pine wood
slats
canvas and leather pine wood is
lightweight tends to be less dense than
most timbers and is already
deteriorating
now we can't just punch our way out of
here because even if he's left our sight
we don't want to draw
attention to ourselves when we escape i
would be looking for other deterioration
in other corners of the box for more
visibility to assess my external
surroundings and when the coast is clear
i'm breaking through the weak wood panel
as silently as possible
elena cleverly uses the wire of her bra
to unlatch the box and get out
she checks out the room around her
finding a dead body in another box
suddenly the collector returns to find
she's escaped but he doesn't have time
to look for her because alarms start
going off that sends the collector
running out of the room
arkan and his team of mercenaries are
already here but by triggering this
alarm they've lost the element of
surprise
okay they should have seen this coming
this thief was caught by the collector
two weeks ago after breaking into a
house and getting locked inside
and it looks like he's learned nothing
from this experience the collector is a
trap master and we should expect that
there's a trap behind every door
including this one i would have made
sure this time i can't prepare
guns and knives are not enough here we
need night vision lock picks
tools like screwdrivers wrenches and
crowbars bolt cutters mirrors to look
around corners
and disarm trip wires and pressure
sensitive traps if i'm facing the sky
for the second time
you better believe i'm coming prepared
for every trap i can think of
the girl tries the door and it's locked
but she spots a grate that she could fit
through
grabbing a medical tool she uses it to
pry off the grate and makes her way
through the crawl space
looking for a way out okay this was her
only way out but it brings up an
important point
this building is really old which can be
an advantage because the weaker it is
the easier we can escape it
i would look for signs of weakness
throughout the building for other
opportunities to escape
eroded metal cracking bricks or wood
that has begun to rot and decay
if we were struggling to avoid a trap
identifying weak or thin walls could
help us escape the room or go around the
trap if we're paying close attention
to our surroundings the mercenaries
enter this room where they find used
needles littering the floor
in huge cages it's really unnerving and
these are all warning signs
they should have been paying closer
attention because things are about to go
wrong
very quickly the team loses radio
contact with their lookout guy as he
gets stabbed to death by the collector
then arkan here is junk by a crazy man
who they have to put down
they find out the collector is not only
capturing people but drugs them cuts out
their tongues and turns them into a
slave horde security system but they're
right where he wants them
as the collector unleashes his next
death trap another one breaks free and
they take it down but more are on the
way
they're attacked by the junkies and
there's too many to fight off
okay this is overwhelming but if we
don't panic we can get through this
by running the f out of here a horde of
drug adult junkies is not worth spilling
blood or wasting bullets we're looking
for the girl and trying to kill the
collector and doesn't necessarily get us
any closer to our goal
i would take the chains nearby and hook
them to the cages across the pathway to
slow down the junkies
this makes them easier to shoot as
they'll get stuck or have to crawl under
and it gives us time to look for another
exit
the team finds another door and escapes
they discover their cell phones are
being jammed and can't get any signals
there's no way they're going to get any
help now and they have no choice but to
keep moving forward
meanwhile the girl emerges from the
vents into a very strange room
it's got a vanity mirror full of makeup
and a box in the middle of the room with
someone inside
she decides to open it up and this woman
comes out she's very suspicious of the
other girl and too afraid to escape the
room
okay this girl is terrified and all the
botch to make up on her face tells me a
dude
applied it so he visits regularly that's
actually a good thing we can ask her
questions and might get some information
that can help us escape she's probably
kept only in this room and likely
doesn't know the layout of the building
so i'd be asking when the collector
might be expected to visit her if she
has any sense of timing we can plan an
ambush for him when he stops by
she still has this medical tool from the
other room and it looks like a scalpel
so she can do serious damage
as long as they catch him by surprise
the team continues pushing forward and
enters a room that's full of boxes and
footprints on the floor
this wounded guy appears and he's
covered in strange scars
telling them he didn't make the
collection before they can figure out
what that means
a hidden explosive strapped behind his
neck goes off think spikes come out of
the ceiling
and skewer one of the mercenaries the
bloody commotion lets the thief sneak
away
okay they walked right into this one
because they were too
focused on the main event and not
looking at their surroundings
this is a trap house nothing is safe
every footstep can be deadly they need
to scout every new area before advancing
i'd be throwing things on the floor to
see if it triggers anything or blowing
powder in the air to look for hidden
lasers
i take every precaution they do none of
this and get seriously shafted as for
the man i would have fired a warning
shot to stop him from approaching
if he continued i would shoot his leg
because he could be a threat remember
nothing this building is safe
even the victims elena here almost runs
into a tripwire but the other girl warns
her just in time
she avoids a grisly death and finds out
that the collector likes this girl for
some reason
her hearing aid suddenly screeches with
feedback and the girl freaks out
yelling that she can't win hearing this
the collector appears and she breaks for
it running through a maze of corridors
with some quick thinking she's able to
hide in these pipes above the collector
hears creaking and checks above him but
the girl manages to slip away
okay she got lucky here there was an air
vent conveniently within reach for her
to escape
but if there wasn't she would have been
caught and killed with no way out
this is an old building and you wouldn't
be able to get up there without making
some noise
the shifting of your weight and all the
corroded metal and squeaky screws would
give away your position
very quickly now hiding is one thing but
diverting is another
i would look for a liquid like blood to
leave shoe tracks in one direction take
them off and walk the other way
it's not a permanent solution but it
buys me more time to escape without him
hot on my trail and if i couldn't find
water or blood there's always urine it's
gross but in a situation like this
you need to be willing to do anything to
survive
meanwhile arkhan here is searching for
an exit but has to hide when one of the
mercenaries comes looking for him
he hangs inside this dumbwaiter chute
but falls and lands on a pile of limbs
he sees gasoline nearby but the sounds
of the drug the prisoner screaming
pushes him quickly back
up he climbs out of the chute and finds
himself in a different room and it's
filled with jars of dead animals
rarely freshens up the place okay i'm
super annoyed that this guy saw gasoline
sitting conveniently on this pile of
dead bodies and didn't even think twice
about using it because this could have
changed everything besides the traps our
biggest problem is that we never know
where the collector will be and this
solves that problem
i would take the gasoline because it
gives me the opportunity here to set a
trap for him if one of his rooms is on
fire he won't ignore it he'll come to
investigate
i would wait for him to arrive and
trigger one of his traps from hiding
this tripwire could be pulled at the
right time for him to cross and he
wouldn't expect it we get one shot of
this and there's no guarantee but it's
the closest we can get to killing him
without having to touch a weapon
he continues exploring the room and
finds the collector's latest victim
nailed to a wall she's begging him for
help but that's when the collector comes
into the room and slits her throat
as arkhan watches in hiding he waits for
him to leave and uses a small metal wire
he finds to pick the lock of this door
meanwhile the girl finds the rest of her
hearing aid placed on top of a bear trap
and as quickly and carefully as possible
she takes it back and puts it in her ear
okay
hearing is obviously important because
we need all the senses on high alert to
keep us safe
but sticking your hand inside a bear
trap is not the way to do it these bear
traps have handles and with such a small
piece of equipment it wouldn't be hard
to lift the trap from the other side and
let the hearing aid fall off the trigger
but i wouldn't stop there
these bear traps might be easy to avoid
when nothing is chasing you but if
you're running from the collector this
hallway could actually get you killed
i'm taking the time to clear the hallway
and trigger every trap by dropping my
shoe in
it's heavy enough to trigger the trap
and small enough that it won't get
caught in it so i can take it back
and reuse it the thief enters another
art gallery where he gets jumped by the
mercenaries who don't notice the
collector standing
overhead he catches one with a hook and
sends another fly around the corner and
into a room before he escapes
they all might have survived if they
remember the 21 foot rule taught to
police across america
that's the distance it takes for someone
with the knight to charge and kill you
before you can draw your gun and
neutralize them
they should have realized that they were
too close to a holster and fire the gun
safely
i would have backed out of melee range
and circled him to give myself some time
to draw my weapon and get a better shot
suddenly a girl appears it's the one who
elena saved earlier she promises to help
them find the other girl
if they let her out on their way to find
the girl they hear the other mercenaries
screaming and she's tortured by the
collector
they follow the noise through a room
full of mannequins and find it's another
trap
he use speakers to fake location luring
them to a bomb
it goes off and the bodyguard barely
escapes as all the mannequins are
triggered to explode
arkhan notices the cable running through
the mirror and breaks it finding a
secret passage to safety
okay apart from being amazed at how
quickly he sets up these traps
we need to recognize the size of one if
you want to avoid walking straight into
it
these mannequins were arranged and
organized there's an identifiable design
here and it's enough to tell me that
it's a trap
even if we don't know what the trap is
yet we can test the waters first i'm not
walking through here without sweeping it
i'd push the mannequins down to see if
they trigger anything if not i'll walk
further in and call out to the mercenary
looking for a response
we have enough men and guns here that
the collector will be foolish to
challenge us so i don't mind making
noise at this point
elena here finds the mercenary tied up
in a netflix razors with a microphone
hanging nearby
she releases the woman from the trap
just as the others arrive
reunited they move on together and find
a room where they can see outside
to their luck two homeless men are
nearby but they're too far away to get
their attention
arkhan here comes up with a plan he
borrows the bodyguard's gun and
uses it to shoot one of them in the leg
so the other guy runs for help
okay i would never do this this gun is
the only thing stopping the collector
from chasing you through the building
and killing you
shooting through a fan at a bad angle
from the third floor and hitting him
50 yards away this guy basically just
won the lottery personally before
wasting my bullet on a bad shot i would
try having the five of us make as much
noise as possible
bang on metal shout and scream the sound
might reach them even this far away
the emts and police arrive on the scene
and he uses their last bullet to get
their attention
the cops call for backup and the
collector realizes he needs to finish
this
they decide to wait for the cops but
they're betrayed by the other girl
she locks them in and screams into the
security camera for the killer to come
the mercenary politely shuts her up
which triggers a trap and the girl gets
crushed to death in an iron
maiden the doors burst open and two dogs
run in for the kill as the collector
empties his gun
they evade his gunfire but he kidnaps
elena and drags her out of the room
the remaining survivors find the
bodyguard has been caught in a trap with
no way to free himself but he insists
they leave him to find the girl now this
guy has an idea to use the dead docks
which is admirable but i wouldn't have
pushed them away
it's wiser to take a little time
figuring out a solution to freedom so
that they can all go after her together
i would look for something to push the
trap out of range so it lands behind him
or
prop it up with something so that it
catches before it hits the ground
there's all kinds of things in this room
they could have used and these are all
viable options they didn't bother
exploring
later they find the girls strapped to a
gurney and set her free but a steel cage
slams down around them and that's when
the collector walks
in he's finally caught them all at once
and shows them these flammable barrels
nearby
lighting up a wick that's going to blow
them up the group tries to open the
latch with a knife but drop it out of
reach
with no other option arcane here has his
arm re-broken
and pushes his hand out through the cage
walls to open the latch
setting them free okay we get to save
this guy a lot of pain
we don't have many people left and
having one arm against a serial killer
is a mass
disadvantage to the group when knives
won't work and hands can't reach
that's when i would use my shoelaces we
always seem to forget about them but
they're the most useful article of
clothing in situations like this
tie a loop and lower it to catch the
lock then pull it tight and slowly
transition it sideways across the bars
to unlock the latch
then they wouldn't have to reset his arm
like they do here they climb down to the
gallery just in time and escape
a massive explosion they reach the lobby
but the collector
ambushes them killing the mercenary and
knocking out the girl
he's about to finish off arkhan here
when the bodyguard appears
the two of them get into a fight that
the collector wins but arkhan here stabs
the killer then throws him down the
dumbwaiter before setting the man on
fire
the thief gets trapped by flames but
elena rescues him putting out the fire
with the water in the display cases
and together they finally escape the
building later he goes to inspect the
bodies found in the building and is
shocked to find the collector's burnt
mask
laying in one of the boxes but he knows
that the serial killer is an
entomologist
and tracks him down to his house
revealing he's been visiting bug
collectors in the area until he finally
found him
now that he has he's going to get his
revenge and tosses the collector into a
box
but what do you think how would you be
the collector let me know with a comment
down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to be playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day